What's the matter with father-in-law so late?
13 princes
I am the concubine in the Liu Guifei Courtyard of Yukun Palace
I am interested in hearing about the mahjong ceremony
Let me catch up
His Royal Highness the Prince, please teach me
Concubine Liu Gui has not been favored in the palace for three years
Do you want to learn mahjong because you want to get favor?
These lonely concubines in the palace are too tired
Good father-in-law, wait for me for a moment
Your Highness, the concubine is in the house
concubine
What about people?
What's the matter with you, concubine?
No.
It's Iron Man
This house
Oh, I want it!
The paper house I want